Add Kafka authentication and authorization description in TiCDC (#8767)
pingcap/docs: ticdc/manage-ticdc.md

| `max-batch-size` | New in v4.0.9. If the message protocol supports outputting multiple data changes to one Kafka message, this parameter specifies the maximum number of data changes in one Kafka message. It currently takes effect only when Kafka's `protocol` is `open-protocol`. (optional, `16` by default) |
| `enable-tls` | Whether to use TLS to connect to the downstream Kafka instance (optional, `false` by default) |
| `ca` | The path of the CA certificate file needed to connect to the downstream Kafka instance (optional)  |
| `cert` | The path of the certificate file needed to connect to the downstream Kafka instance (optional) |
| `key` | The path of the certificate key file needed to connect to the downstream Kafka instance (optional) |
| `sasl-user` | The identity (authcid) of SASL/PLAIN or SASL/SCRAM authentication needed to connect to the downstream Kafka instance (optional) |
| `sasl-password` | The password of SASL/PLAIN or SASL/SCRAM authentication needed to connect to the downstream Kafka instance (optional) |

> | `sasl-mechanism` | The name of SASL/PLAIN or SASL/SCRAM authentication needed to connect to the downstream Kafka instance (optional)  |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `sasl-mechanism` | The name of SASL authentication needed to connect to the downstream Kafka instance. The value can be `plain`, `scram-sha-256`, `scram-sha-512`, or `gssapi`. |
```

| `sasl-gssapi-auth-type` | The gssapi authentication type. Values can be `user` or `keytab` (optional) |
| `sasl-gssapi-keytab-path` | The gssapi keytab path (optional)|
| `sasl-gssapi-kerberos-config-path` | The gssapi kerberos configuration path (optional) |

> | `sasl-gssapi-service-name` | The gssapi service name（ (optional) |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `sasl-gssapi-service-name` | The gssapi service name (optional) |
```

| `sasl-gssapi-user` | The user name of the gssapi `user` authentication type |

> | `sasl-gssapi-password` |  The password of the gssapi `user` authentication type |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `sasl-gssapi-password` |  The password of gssapi  authentication (optional) |
```

> | `sasl-gssapi-password` |  The password of the gssapi `user` authentication type |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `sasl-gssapi-password` | The password of gssapi authentication (optional)  |
```

>
> When `protocol` is `open-protocol`, TiCDC tries to avoid generating messages that exceed `max-message-bytes` in length. However, if a row is so large that a single change alone exceeds `max-message-bytes` in length, to avoid silent failure, TiCDC tries to output this message and prints a warning in the log.

#### TiCDC uses the authentication and authorization of Kafka

The following are examples when using Kafka SASL authentication:

- SASL/PLAIN

  {{< copyable "shell-regular" >}}

  ```shell
  --sink-uri="kafka://127.0.0.1:9092/topic-name?kafka-version=2.4.0&sasl-user=alice-user&sasl-password=alice-secret&sasl-mechanism=plain"
  ```

- SASL/SCRAM

  SCRAM-SHA-256 and SCRAM-SHA-512 are similar to the PLAIN method. You just need to specify `sasl-mechanism` as the corresponding authentication method.

- SASL/GSSAPI

>   SASL/GSSAPI `user` authentication:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  SASL/GSSAPI `user` type authentication:
```

  {{< copyable "shell-regular" >}}

  ```shell
  --sink-uri="kafka://127.0.0.1:9092/topic-name?kafka-version=2.4.0&sasl-mechanism=gssapi&sasl-gssapi-auth-type=user&sasl-gssapi-kerberos-config-path=/etc/krb5.conf&sasl-gssapi-service-name=kafka&sasl-gssapi-user=alice/for-kafka&sasl-gssapi-password=alice-secret&sasl-gssapi-realm=example.com"
  ```

  Values of `sasl-gssapi-user` and `sasl-gssapi-realm` are related to the [principle](https://web.mit.edu/kerberos/krb5-1.5/krb5-1.5.4/doc/krb5-user/What-is-a-Kerberos-Principal_003f.html) specified in kerberos. For example, if the principle is set as `alice/for-kafka@example.com`, then `sasl-gssapi-user` and `sasl-gssapi-realm` are specified as `alice/for-kafka` and `example.com` respectively.

>   SASL/GSSAPI `keytab` authentication type:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  SASL/GSSAPI `keytab` type authentication:
```

>
> When `protocol` is `open-protocol`, TiCDC tries to avoid generating messages that exceed `max-message-bytes` in length. However, if a row is so large that a single change alone exceeds `max-message-bytes` in length, to avoid silent failure, TiCDC tries to output this message and prints a warning in the log.

#### TiCDC uses the authentication and authorization of Kafka

The following are examples when using Kafka SASL authentication:

> 
> {{< copyable "shell-regular" >}}

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

  ```

- SASL/SCRAM

  SCRAM-SHA-256 and SCRAM-SHA-512 are similar to the PLAIN method. You just need to specify `sasl-mechanism` as the corresponding authentication method.

- SASL/GSSAPI

  SASL/GSSAPI `user` authentication:

  {{< copyable "shell-regular" >}}

  ```shell
  --sink-uri="kafka://127.0.0.1:9092/topic-name?kafka-version=2.4.0&sasl-mechanism=gssapi&sasl-gssapi-auth-type=user&sasl-gssapi-kerberos-config-path=/etc/krb5.conf&sasl-gssapi-service-name=kafka&sasl-gssapi-user=alice/for-kafka&sasl-gssapi-password=alice-secret&sasl-gssapi-realm=example.com"
  ```

  Values of `sasl-gssapi-user` and `sasl-gssapi-realm` are related to the [principle](https://web.mit.edu/kerberos/krb5-1.5/krb5-1.5.4/doc/krb5-user/What-is-a-Kerberos-Principal_003f.html) specified in kerberos. For example, if the principle is set as `alice/for-kafka@example.com`, then `sasl-gssapi-user` and `sasl-gssapi-realm` are specified as `alice/for-kafka` and `example.com` respectively.

  SASL/GSSAPI `keytab` authentication type:

  {{< copyable "shell-regular" >}}

  ```shell

>   --sink-uri="kafka://127.0.0.1:9092/topic-name?kafka-version=2.4.0&sasl-mechanism=gssapi&sasl-gssapi-auth-type=keytab&sasl-gssapi-kerberos-config-path=/etc/krb5.conf&sasl-gssapi-service-name=a&sasl-gssapi-user=alice/for-kafka&sasl-gssapi-keytab-path=/var/lib/secret/alice.key&sasl-gssapi-realm=example.com"

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  --sink-uri="kafka://127.0.0.1:9092/topic-name?kafka-version=2.4.0&sasl-mechanism=gssapi&sasl-gssapi-auth-type=keytab&sasl-gssapi-kerberos-config-path=/etc/krb5.conf&sasl-gssapi-service-name=kafka&sasl-gssapi-user=alice/for-kafka&sasl-gssapi-keytab-path=/var/lib/secret/alice.key&sasl-gssapi-realm=example.com"
```

  ```

  For more information about SASL/GSSAPI authentication methods, see [Configuring GSSAPI](https://docs.confluent.io/platform/current/kafka/authentication_sasl/authentication_sasl_gssapi.html).

- TLS/SSL encryption

>   If the Kafka broker has TLS/SSL encryption enabled, you need to add the `-enable-tls=true` parameter to `--sink-uri`. If you want to use self-signed certificates, you also need to specify `-ca`, `cert` and `key` in `-sink-uri`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  If the Kafka broker has TLS/SSL encryption enabled, you need to add the `-enable-tls=true` parameter to `--sink-uri`. If you want to use self-signed certificates, you also need to specify `-ca`, `cert` and `key` in `--sink-uri`.
```

>   If the Kafka broker has TLS/SSL encryption enabled, you need to add the `-enable-tls=true` parameter to `--sink-uri`. If you want to use self-signed certificates, you also need to specify `-ca`, `cert` and `key` in `-sink-uri`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  If the Kafka broker has TLS/SSL encryption enabled, you need to add the `-enable-tls=true` parameter to `--sink-uri`. If you want to use self-signed certificates, you also need to specify `ca`, `cert` and `key` in `--sink-uri`.
```

- ACL authorization

  The minimum set of permissions required for TiCDC to function properly is as follows.

>     - The `Create` and `Write` permissions for the Topic [resources](https://docs.confluent.io/platform/current/kafka/authorization.html#resources).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - The `Create` and `Write` permissions for the Topic [resource type](https://docs.confluent.io/platform/current/kafka/authorization.html#resources).
```

>     - The `DescribeConfigs` permissions for the Cluster resources.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - The `DescribeConfigs` permission for the Cluster resource type.
```
